# humanloop.model.environment_project_config_response.EnvironmentProjectConfigResponse

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  |  | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**environment_id** | str,  | str,  | The ID of the environment. | 
**project_id** | str,  | str,  | String ID of project the model config belongs to. Starts with &#x60;pr_&#x60;. | 
**project_name** | str,  | str,  | Name of the project the model config belongs to. | 
**environment_tag** | str,  | str,  | Tag for the environment e.g. &#x27;default&#x27; or &#x27;other&#x27;. | 
**environment_name** | str,  | str,  | The name of the environment. | 
**model_config_id** | str,  | str,  | Model config unique identifier generated by Humanloop. | [optional] 
**model_config_name** | str,  | str,  | A friendly display name for the model config. | [optional] 
**experiment_id** | str,  | str,  | String ID of experiment. Starts with &#x60;exp_&#x60;. | [optional] 
**experiment_name** | str,  | str,  | Display name of experiment. | [optional] 
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

